hi I'm Frank Baylor from Stoltzfus
trailer sales West Chester Pennsylvania
I'd like to take a moment of your time
and walk you through this beautiful 2039
foot Damon escape or diesel pusher this
coach is equipped with a 300 horsepower
Caterpillar diesel it has a six-speed
Allison transmission and as I walk you
around just go do a quick walk around
with you it's so important to ask for me
because I'd love to show you this
beautiful coach this thing is equipped
with a full-length patio awning the
entire basement area in this coach is
just absolutely humongous it's got a
nice storage locker there
these are big oversized flip-flop
compartment doors they're an inch and
3/4 fully insulated doors great for
storing miscellaneous items and it does
have a raised rail chassis which allows
the storage compartments to be
underneath the chassis rail which gives
you that cavernous style compartment
system like a tour bus today if you put
your suitcases in really does make it
nice as we go back through this is the
propane forced air heating system this
coach is equipped with the 255 8225
radial tire package it's done by
Michelin aluminum wheels with valve stem
extenders to check inner and outer tire
pressure as you go around some of these
compartments you're going to find more
storage compartment space
I mean it's just loaded with underbelly
storage this coach is unusual it has
jalousie style windows really makes it
nice if you want to leave them open it's
raining you could do that but also it
has the top are the window awning
package as well as we go around the back
of the coach it's got a hitch on the
back again remember we talked about the
humungous 300 horsepower diesel pusher
engine that's with this coach that has a
50 amp hour service great for capability
of running both air conditioning systems
for you it is a one-piece fiberglass
exterior front and back cap as well as
you come around again this is going to
be your sewer compartment all the low
spot drains for your sewer systems this
comes up it's heated so if you want to
use it during the winter season you
could do that outside hot and cold
running water shower your valves are
very easy to get to down in the lower
storage Bay here if you stand back take
a look it has the top
over the slide really a nice feature
allows why the slide is in the out
position if you're in where some trees
are and some limbs fall overnight or
pinecone needles it allows it to dump
off so you don't have to climb on the
roof of this coach to sweep that every
time you want to leave as we go around
the front of the coach gigantic
oversized windows beautiful how they
wrap around the sidewall the coach with
the bus style forward mounted mirror
package it allows you to keep your eyes
on the road and with the tilt of an
eyeball you can actually watch what's
going on next to you as well you're not
taking your eye off the road to watch
your mirrors if they're set way back
great for safety generators located in
the front end of the coach at this time
I'd like to do Joe is take you inside
and let me show these folks what a great
coach this really is thank you for
coming back inside this is the 2030
9-foot Damon escape or diesel pusher we
spoke about with double slide the nice
thing about this coach is it has a
leather seating package two front
leather chairs as well as the leather
sofa this coach actually has sculptured
corporate so actually this the design in
the carpet is actually inlaid into the
carpet very residential very high-end
look pray bows big bus conversions are
known for having that this is kind of
like a cherry wood package at the light
cherry wood corian counter tops nice
galley sofa slide convection microwave
oven great for cooking things so if you
also notice this coach has the oversized
range oven package with the glass space
door easy to keep clean very eye appeal
and in here you have a residential style
70/30 split sink it's got the Mowatt
Moen style pullout faucet package which
is nice for doing your dishes a nice
storage space in the kitchen area for
hiding your glasses or whatever you need
to put in here if you notice the galley
area has all in Oleum so it's easy to
keep clean if somebody were to spill
something on this or just for
high-traffic area it makes it nice this
coach is equipped with the four door
norcold refrigerator package it's got
the wood face doors to make a very
residential very high-end look as well
as if you'll notice this has the
icemaker package built right in and the
four door gives you four separate doors
really does make it nice it's 12 cubic
feet as we go back into the bathroom
area this coach is equipped with a
beautiful wardrobe does have a splendid
mm automatic washer and dryer it is a
vented system so it allows the clothes
to drive much faster than normal
to go back into the bedroom area this
coach has the rear queen bed and
actually what you'll find is it really
does make it a nice big open bedroom
queen bed lengthwise cabinet space
lots of storage this coach has all the
owners manual packet that comes with it
next to the bed there's his and hers
nightstands as well as it's going to
have the stereo system right at bedside
great for listening enjoyment in the
evening or whatever has a privacy where
the pools across here so if there was
another couple traveling you can
actually pull that right across let's go
back into the bathroom and you're gonna
find that this has the quarians sink
nice big shower stall this is a
one-piece shower stall and again I'm 6
foot 1 inches tall it gives you about 5
extra inches of overall height really
does make it nice for you know lots of
maneuverability it's got the nice
handheld closet package so if you want
to wash down below you can do that or
even for a dog or a grandchild
kind of a unique little feature it's got
its own private toilet stall which is
great you can actually climb in there
and close the door if somebody's out
here using the facilities somebody could
be in there let's go back out let me
show you the dashboard area this
beautiful coach has the oversized
philips tv up in the dash 2 leather
recliner or two leather chairs forward
back up camera hydraulic leveling system
all done by HWH big open windows I mean
look at that just great visibility as
you're traveling down the road stereo CD
up in the - at this time what I'd like
to do is welcome you folks to come on
down let me show you through this
beautiful coach my name is frank baylor
again my number is